Migrate models builder docs to v9 (#3286)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Templating/Modelsbuilder/Using-Interfaces-v9.md

---
versionFrom: 9.0.0
meta.Title: "Using Modelsbuilder interfaces"
meta.Description: "Using interfaces with modelsbuilder"
state: complete
verified-against: beta-3
update-links: true
---

# Using Interfaces

When using compositions, Models Builder generates an interface for the composed model, which enables us to not have to switch back to using `Value()` for the composed properties.

A common use-case for this is if you have a separate composition for the "SEO properties" `Page Title` and `Page Description`.

You would usually use this composition on both your `Home` and `Textpage` document types. Since both `Home` and `Textpage` will implement the generated `ISeoProperties` interface, you will still be able to use the simpler models builder syntax (e.g. `Model.PageTitle`).

> However, you wont be able to the the nice models builder syntax on any master template, since a master template need to be bound to a generic `IPublishedContent`. So you'd have to resort to the *ever-so-slightly* clumsier `Model.Value("pageTitle")` syntax to render these properties. It is possible to solve this issue of master templating, by using partial views, to render the SEO specific properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you won't be able to use the nice models builder syntax on any master template, since a master template needs to be bound to a generic `IPublishedContent`. So you'd have to resort to the *ever-so-slightly* clumsier `Model.Value("pageTitle")` syntax to render these properties. It is possible to solve this issue of master templating, by using partial views, to render the SEO specific properties. 
```
